624 Updated JSON-RPC Error Handling (#655)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/sdkspec/errors.md

# Casper JSON-RPC Error Codes

> The following document expands on custom error codes available on the `casper-json-rpc` implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following document expands on custom error codes provided by `casper-json-rpc` crate.
```
